1. Write a program non-recursive recursive to calculate Fibonacci numbers and analyze time complexity and space complexity

2. Write a program to solve a fractional Knapsack problem using a greedy method.

3. Write a program to solve a 0-1 Knapsack problem using dynamic programming or branch and
bound strategy.

4. Design 8-Queens matrix having first Queen placed. Use backtracking to place remaining
Queens to generate the final 8-queen’s matrix.

5.write a program to implement hufman encoding using greedy strategy


--------------------------------ML------------------------------

1. Predict the price of the Uber ride from a given pickup point to the agreed drop-off location.
Perform following tasks:
1. Pre-process the dataset.
2. Identify outliers.
3. Check the correlation.
4. Implement linear regression and random forest regression models.
5. Evaluate the models and compare their respective scores like R2, RMSE, etc.
Dataset link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yasserh/uber-fares-dataset



2. Classify the email using the binary classification method. Email Spam detection has two
states: a) Normal State – Not Spam, b) Abnormal State – Spam. Use K-Nearest Neighbors and
Support Vector Machine for classification. Analyze their performance.
Dataset link: The emails.csv dataset on the Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/balaka18/email-spam-classification-dataset-csv


3. Given a bank customer, build a neural network-based classifier that can determine whether
they will leave or not in the next 6 months.
Dataset Description: The case study is from an open-source dataset from Kaggle.
The dataset contains 10,000 sample points with 14 distinct features such as
CustomerId, CreditScore, Geography, Gender, Age, Tenure, Balance, etc.
Link to the Kaggle project:
https://www.kaggle.com/barelydedicated/bank-customer-churn-modeling
Perform following steps:
1. Read the dataset.
2. Distinguish the feature and target set and divide the data set into training and test sets.
3. Normalize the train and test data.
4. Initialize and build the model. Identify the points of improvement and implement the same.
5. Print the accuracy score and confusion matrix (5 points).


4. Implement Gradient Descent Algorithm to find the local minima of a function.
For example, find the local minima of the function y=(x+3)² starting from the point x=2.

-------------------------BT-----------------------


1. Installation of Metamask and study spending Ether per transaction.

2. Create your own wallet using Metamask for crypto transactions.

3. Write a smart contract on a test network, for Bank account of a customer for following
operations:
 Deposit money
 Withdraw Money
 Show balance

4. Write a program in solidity to create Student data. Use the following constructs:
 Structures
 Arrays
 Fallback
Deploy this as smart contract on Ethereum and Observe the transaction fee and Gas values.


